%d comment queued for analysis.
%d plugin or theme is requesting access to an AI connector.
&larr; Back to List
<strong>Core</strong>: Built into WordPress itself.
<strong>Plugin</strong>: Registered by an active plugin.
<strong>Theme</strong>: Registered by the active theme.
A minimum of %d words is required to shorten the content.
Abilities API Documentation
Abilities are a standardized way for WordPress core, plugins, and themes to expose discrete units of functionality. Each ability has a name, optional input/output schemas, and can be invoked programmatically.
Abilities Explorer
Ability invoked successfully.
Ability not found.
Ability slug is required.
Actions
Additional AI-powered features.
Additional context to use when generating an excerpt suggestion for the content. This can either be a string of additional context or can be a post ID that will then be used to get context from that post (if it exists). If no content is provided but a valid post ID is used here, the content from that post will be used.
Additional context to use when generating title suggestions. This can either be a string of additional context or can be a post ID that will then be used to get context from that post (if it exists). If no content is provided but a valid post ID is used here, the content from that post will be used.
Additional context to use when summarizing the content. This can either be a string of additional context or can be a post ID that will then be used to get context from that post (if it exists). If no content is provided but a valid post ID is used here, the content from that post will be used.
Adds editorial suggestions to posts block-by-block, covering Accessibility, Readability, Grammar, and SEO. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Admin Experiments
AI
AI Capabilities
AI client is not available.
AI plugin cannot run due to the following issues:
AI Plugin initialization failed: %s
AI Request Logging
AI Request Logs
AI settings page render function not found. Run npm run build:routes to generate build assets.
AI Status
AI-powered experiments for the block editor, including content generation and enhancement tools.
AI-powered experiments for the WordPress admin area, including exploration and testing tools.
AI-powered suggestions for post tags and categories based on content analysis. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
All Categories
All Providers
All Sentiments
All Toxicities
Alt Text
Alt Text Generation
Alt text generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports both text generation and vision capabilities.
An array of WP_Term objects assigned to the post.
Analyze Sentiment and Toxicity
Analyze this comment
Analyzes a comment for toxicity and sentiment.
Any additional context to help generate the prompt. This can either be a string of additional context or can be a post ID that will then be used to get context from that post (if it exists).
Any additional style instructions to apply to the generated image.
Applies pending editorial Notes to your content automatically. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Are you sure you want to invoke this ability?
Asset file for "%1$s" is invalid and cannot be registered.
Asset file for "%1$s" is missing and cannot be registered.
At least one note is required to perform refinement.
Attachment alt text.
Attachment description.
Attachment filename.
Attachment ID.
Attachment title.
Attachment URL.
Attachment with ID %d not found.
Attempted to register invalid feature. All features must implement the Feature interface.
Attempted to register invalid feature. Default features must be class-strings.
Automatically moderate comments based on toxicity detection and sentiment analysis. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Base64 Image Import
Block content is required to perform a review.
Block content is required to perform refinement.
Chat History
Clear Result
Click "Invoke Ability" to execute it and see the result.
Click "Invoke Ability" to execute the ability with your input
Click "Test" next to an ability in the list.
Click "Validate Input" to check your JSON is correct
Comment Analysis
Comment analysis failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Comment ID is required.
Comment Moderation
Comment with ID %d not found.
Complete these steps to get started with the AI plugin:
Confidence score between 0 and 1.
Configure an AI provider
Connector Approval
Connector Approvals
Connectors
Content Classification
Content from this post will be used to generate taxonomy suggestions. This overrides the content parameter if both are provided.
Content is required to generate a meta description.
Content is required to generate a prompt.
Content is required to generate a summary.
Content is required to generate an excerpt suggestion.
Content is required to generate taxonomy suggestions.
Content is required to generate title suggestions.
Content is required to resize.
Content Resizing
Content resizing failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Content Summarization
Content to generate an excerpt suggestion for.
Content to generate taxonomy suggestions for.
Content to generate title suggestions for.
Content to summarize.
Control which plugins and themes are allowed to use each AI connector on this site. Prompts from unapproved callers are prevented and listed below for review.
Copied!
Copy
Core
Could not parse AI response as valid suggestions.
Could not read the downloaded image file.
Could not retrieve image URL from attachment.
Current page of the collection.
Cursor ID for cursor-based pagination (use with cursor_timestamp).
Cursor timestamp for cursor-based pagination (use with cursor_id).
Demonstrates the AI experiment system with example hooks and functionality.
Description
De-serializing instances of %s is not allowed.
Details
Discover, inspect, test, and document all abilities registered via the WordPress Abilities API.
Dismiss
Edit the JSON input below to test the ability. The input will be validated against the input schema if available.
Edit the JSON input below with your test data
Edit the pre-filled Input Data if the ability accepts JSON parameters.
Editor Experiments
Editorial Notes
Editorial notes generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Editorial Updates
Either attachment_id or image_url must be provided.
Embedding Generation
Enable a feature or experiment
Ensure the alt text you return matches the language of the content in the <additional-context> tag.
Ensure the alt text you return matches the language of this locale: %s.
Error
Error getting terms: %1$s
Every ability is associated with a provider that indicates where it comes from:
Example Experiment
Example experiment is active!
Excerpt Generation
Excerpt generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Existing Note texts for this block from prior review runs, used to avoid repeating suggestions.
Experiments
Failed
Failed to copy
Failed to decode base64 image data.
Failed to instantiate feature "%1$s": %2$s
Failed to parse AI response.
Failed to retrieve attachment data.
Failed to write image data to temporary file.
Feature description is required in load_metadata().
Feature label is required in load_metadata().
Features
Filter
Filter by AI provider.
Filter by log type.
Filter by Sentiment
Filter by status.
Filter by tokens: "gt:N", "lt:N", or "none".
Filter by Toxicity
Filter by user ID.
Filter logs from this date (YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).
Filter logs until this date (YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).
For more information:
Generate
Generate Alt Text
Generate alt text for this image.
Generate and edit images using AI. Requires an AI connector that includes support for image generation models.
Generate Image
Generated alternative text for the image; may be empty when alt="" is correct.
Generated excerpt.
Generated image data.
Generated meta description suggestion.
Generated taxonomy term suggestions.
Generated title suggestion.
Generates a prompt from post content that can be used to generate an image
Generates accessible alternative (alt) text for images using AI vision models, following common web accessibility guidance. Requires an AI connector that includes support for vision-based image analysis models.
Generates excerpt suggestions from content. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Generates meta description suggestions and integrates those with various SEO plugins. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Generates title suggestions from content. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Get post details
Get the details of a post based on the post ID. Optionally, limit the details to specific fields.
Get the post terms
Get the terms of a post based on the post ID and optionally filter by taxonomy.
Globally enable AI Features
High
High Toxicity (>=70%)
How many times the term is used.
How the term should be filtered.
How to test:
ID of the post being modified.
ID of the post being reviewed.
Image Generation
Image Generation and Editing
Image generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports image generation.
Image Prompt Generation
Image prompt generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Image refinement failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports image refinement, not just image generation.
Imported image data.
Imports a base64 encoded image into the media library
Information about the model that generated the image.
Information about the provider that generated the image.
Input Data
Input Schema
Input Schema Reference
Input validation failed.
Insufficient permissions.
Invalid Feature id returned by ::get_id().
Invalid JSON input
Invoke Ability
Invoking ability...
Log entry not found.
Logs AI requests for observability and debugging. View detailed logs under Tools.
Low
Low Toxicity (<40%)
Manage Connectors
Manage Experiments
Manage Features
Maximum number of items per page.
Maximum number of suggestions to generate.
Maximum suggestions
Medium
Medium Toxicity (40%-69%)
Meta Description Generation
Meta description generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Music Generation
Name
Negative
Neutral
No ability specified.
No base64 data found in the provided input.
No excerpt suggestion was generated.
No image data was generated.
No image was generated.
No Input Required
No meta description suggestion was generated.
No pending approval request matches the provided key.
No prompt was generated.
No resized content was generated.
No summary was generated.
No taxonomy suggestions were generated.
No title suggestion was generated.
Only suggest existing terms
Optional base64-encoded image to use as a reference image for edits.
Optional context about the image or surrounding content to improve alt text relevance.
Optional meta data to save with the image.
Optional surrounding content for context.
Order sort attribute ascending or descending.
Other
Other Features
Output Schema
Overview
Parent term name for hierarchical taxonomies.
PHP version %1$s or higher is required. You are running PHP version %2$s.
Plugin
Plugin basename and connector ID are required.
Plugins
Positive
Post content to generate a meta description for.
Post not found.
Post with ID %d not found.
Prompt used to generate an image.
Provider
Provider Capabilities
Providers
Queued
Raw Data
Refinement generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Regenerate
Require explicit administrator approval before plugins or themes can use AI connectors configured on this site. Note this is an experimental, proof-of-concept feature and as such, issues may be encountered. Feedback welcome and desired to help shape the feature.
Result
Review requests
Review suggestions for the block.
Review types to perform.
RTL stylesheet "%1$s" is missing and will not be available.
Search Abilities
Search in operations, request previews, response previews, and error messages.
Sentiment
Settings
Settings 鈫?Connectors
Shorten, expand, or rephrase selected block content. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Slug
Sort collection by attribute.
Speech Generation
Structured metadata about how the image block is used, such as whether it is linked.
Success!
Successfully purged %d log entries.
Suggest new terms based on context
Summarization failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Summarizes long-form content into digestible overviews. Requires an AI connector that includes support for text generation models.
Surrounding content to improve review relevance.
Taxonomy "%s" does not exist.
Taxonomy not found.
Taxonomy strategy
Term generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Test
Test Ability
Test Ability:
Testing
Text Generation
Text to Speech
The "%1$s" AI connector has not been approved for use by "%2$s".
The %s class should not be cloned.
The Abilities Explorer lets you browse every registered ability, inspect its schemas, and test it with custom input right from the admin.
The alt text of the image.
The analyzed comment ID.
The attachment ID of the image to generate alt text for.
The author of the post.
The base64 encoded image data to import into the media library.
The base64 encoded image data.
The block content to resize.
The block type, e.g. core/paragraph, core/heading.
The character count of the description.
The content of the block to refine.
The content of the post.
The content to use as inspiration for the generated image.
The data is not a valid base64 encoded string.
The data is not a valid image.
The description of the image.
The description of the term.
The details of the post.
The excerpt of the post.
The feedback Notes to apply to the block.
The fields to get the details of. Will default to all fields if not provided.
The filename of the image.
The group ID of the term.
The ID of the comment to analyze.
The ID of the post to get the details of.
The ID of the post to get the terms of.
The ID of the post to resize content for.
The ID of the term.
The image generation prompt.
The key of the meta data.
The length of the summary.
The meta description suggestion.
The meta description text.
The MIME type of the image.
The model ID.
The model name.
The name of the term.
The parent ID of the term.
The plain-text content of the block to review.
The plugin assets are not built. This is most likely because you downloaded the plugin from the GitHub repository without building the assets. Please run `nvm use && npm ci && npm run build` to build the assets.
The post ID to generate a meta description for. If provided without content, the post content will be used.
The post title, used to avoid duplication in the generated description.
The provider ID.
The provider name.
The provider type.
The reference image is not valid base64-encoded data.
The resized content.
The resizing action to perform.
The review type.
The sentiment of the comment.
The slug of the post.
The slug of the term.
The specified attachment is not an image.
The suggested term name.
The suggestion strategy: existing_only or allow_new.
The suggestion text.
The summary of the content.
The taxonomy ID of the term.
The taxonomy name of the term.
The taxonomy to filter the terms by.
The taxonomy to generate suggestions for (e.g., post_tag, category).
The title of the image.
The title of the post.
The type of the post.
The updated block content after applying feedback.
The value of the meta data.
Theme
This ability does not accept any input parameters. Simply click "Invoke Ability" to execute it.
This action will be removed in v1.0
This comment is already being analyzed.
This feature requires a valid AI Connector to function properly. Please set up a provider to use this feature in %s.
This filter will be removed in v1.0
This will be removed in v1.0
Title Generation
Title generation failed. Please ensure you have a connected provider that supports text generation.
Total Abilities
Toxicity
Toxicity score from 0 (not toxic) to 1 (highly toxic).
Unknown error occurred.
Unsupported capability: %s
URL or data URI of the image to generate alt text for. Used if attachment_id is not provided.
Use "Validate Input" to check your JSON against the schema.
User #%d
Validate Input
Various AI features and experiments.
Video Generation
View
View Details
View the results below
Whether the image was determined to be decorative.
Whether this is a new term or an existing one.
WordPress AI
WordPress AI failed to upgrade to %1$s. Migration version %2$s failed with the following error: %3$s. Please deactivate and reactivate the plugin to try again.
WordPress Core
WordPress version %s or higher is required.
You can test any ability directly from this screen:
You do not have permission to analyze comments.
You do not have permission to edit this attachment.
You do not have permission to generate alt text.
You do not have permission to generate excerpts for this post.
You do not have permission to generate excerpts.
You do not have permission to generate image prompts.
You do not have permission to generate images.
You do not have permission to generate meta descriptions for this post.
You do not have permission to generate meta descriptions.
You do not have permission to generate taxonomy suggestions for this post.
You do not have permission to generate taxonomy suggestions.
You do not have permission to generate titles for this post.
You do not have permission to generate titles.
You do not have permission to import images.
You do not have permission to resize content.
You do not have permission to run AI refinements on this post.
You do not have permission to run AI refinements.
You do not have permission to run AI reviews on this post.
You do not have permission to run AI reviews.
You do not have permission to summarize content.
You do not have permission to summarize this post.
You do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
Your WordPress environment has AI functionality disabled. The AI plugin will not work until AI support is enabled.
